Answer the following:

1) What are the access control modifiers (acm) provided in Java?
Default
Private
Protected
Public

2) Briefly explain each acm and how they differentiate from each other?
Default //used when no acm is specified. members can only be accessed from within the same package
Private // members are accessible only within the class they are declared.
Protected //members can be accessed from within the same package or from sub-classes within different packages
Public // no restrictions

3) Why do we use acm's?
access to classes, constructors, methods and fields are regulated using access modifiers
 a class can control what information or data can be accessible by other classes

4) What is the risk of not using acm's?

Code becomes less reusable and require more maintenance as it grows

5) Write a method signature that receives an object of type "Car" as a parameter.

void openDoor(Car fusion){
//insert code here
}

6) Write a method signature that returns an object of type "Car".

class Vehicle {

Vehicle getCarObject(){

return
}

    Vehicle car = new Vehicle();
    Vehicle car = getCarObject();
}

7) What is a very important consideration to keep in mind when passing objects (hint: by reference) from one
method to another?

When passing objects to methods, we a referencing the object and not just a copy of the value. In this way,
changes made to the object while passed as a parameter will be persistent to the object as its called in the method call


8) What is method overloading?

In Java, two or more methods within the same class can share the same name, as long as
their parameter declarations are different.

9) Why is method overloading useful? (Hint: as compared to the implementation in the C language.)
We don’t have to create and remember different names for functions doing the same thing.

10) How do you overload a method? What signifies that a method is being overloaded?
The method will be the same but the number of parameters will be different

11) Below, by writing just the method signature, demonstrate overloading a method 3 times.

 public overLoad(){}
 public overLoad(int x, int y){}
 public overLoad (int x, int y, int z){}

12) How do you overload a constructor? What signifies that a constructor is being overloaded?

Overload a constructor the same you overload a method. Each constructor declaration has the same name
but different number of paramters

13) Why do we overload constructors?

The constructors can perform different functions for objects

14) Below, by writing just the constructor signature, demonstrate overloading a constructor 3 times.

public class constructorExample{

    constructorExample(){}
    constructorExample(int x){}
    constructorExample(String y){}

}

15) What is recursion?

a technique where a method calls itself

16) What important considerations must you keep in mind when using recursion?
Too many recursive calls to a method could call a stack overun

17) How do you make a method recursive?

method calls itself again within the method

18) How do you escape a recursive method?

use a conditional statement such as an if statement to tell the method when to stop calling itself

19) Explain what "static" is all about?
When a member is declared static, it can be accessed before any objects of its class are created,
and without reference to any object.

20) When should you use "static"?
Use the static variable for the property that is common to all objects
Use static methods for changing static variables

21) What differentiates static variables from instance variables?
static variables are shared among all the objects of a class
instance variables
Every object (instance) of a class has its own copy of each instance variable declared in the class

22) What is a the quicksort? Briefly describe how the quicksort works.
The Quicksort is built on the idea of partitions. The general procedure is to select a value,
called the comparand, and then to partition the array into two sections. All elements greater
than or equal to the partition value are put on one side, and those less than the value are put
on the other. This process is then repeated for each remaining section until the array is sorted.

23) What is a nested, or inner, class?

Sometimes an inner class is used to provide a set of services that is used only by its
enclosing class

24) What is the scope of a nested class?

Inner class has access to all of the variables
and methods of its outer class and may refer to them directly in the same way that other non-
static members of the outer class do.


25) What is a variable-arity method?

A method that takes a variable number of arguments is a varargs method.

26) What makes a variable-arity method unique? When should you use it?

You can add as many input parameters as you need. You should use it when you don't know the number of parameters
beforehand

27) What is the shorthand name for variable-arity?

Varargs

28) Why important considerations must you keep in mind when using variable-arity methods? (hint: ambiguity)

The variable length parameter must be the last parameter passed to the method
There can only be one varags parameter